Update bazel.md to mention bwob (#408)
trunk-io/docs: flaky-tests/get-started/frameworks/bazel.md

Trunk can parse the `build_events.json` file to locate your test reports. You will still need to **configure your test runners to output compatible reports**, and you can refer to the guides for [individual test frameworks](./).

#### Build Without the Bytes

> If your CI environment is setup to [build without the bytes](https://blog.bazel.build/2023/10/06/bwob-in-bazel-7.html), you will need the following flag to pull the reports from the remote execution engine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your CI environment is set up to [build without the bytes](https://blog.bazel.build/2023/10/06/bwob-in-bazel-7.html), you will need the following flag to pull the reports from the remote execution engine:
```
